Add Docker recipe (#1339)
getkirby/getkirby.com: content/docs/2_cookbook/9_setup/0_kirby-meets-docker/cookbook-recipe.txt

For example, if you were to use a CMS that required a database, you would start a web server in one container, and a MySQL database in a second container and maybe also phpMyAdmin in a third. Or you could spin up a tool like (link: https://github.com/mailhog/MailHog text: MailHog) in a container that would catch emails sent from forms for local testing. And this last option is exactly what we want to do here.

### Create docker-compose.yml file

Let's start with a single service, the web server, and just rebuild what we have done so far. Create a file called `docker-compose.yml` with the following code:

```yaml "/docker-example-4/docker-compose.yml"
version: '3'
services:
  webserver:
    build: .
    image: docker-starterkit
    container_name: webserver
    ports:
      - "80:80"
    volumes:
      - ./starterkit:/var/www/html/
    env_file:
      - ./id.env
```

### `docker-compose.yml` explained

A `docker-compose.yml` file always starts with the Docker Compose version number. The current minor version at the time of writing this recipe is 3.8.

> After that, the next top level keyword is `services`, which is followed by an indented list of named services. The names of these services are arbitrary, but of course it makes sense to give them names that indicate their purpose. In the file above, we currently have only one service called `web server`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After that, the next top level keyword is `services`, which is followed by an indented list of named services. The names of these services are arbitrary, but of course it makes sense to give them names that indicate their purpose. In the file above, we currently have only one service called `webserver`.
```
